Update Duck DNS documentation (#42165)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/duckdns.markdown

  domain:
    description: Your Duck DNS subdomain (without the `.duckdns.org` suffix).
    required: true
  access_token:
    description: Your Duck DNS access token. Log in to the site to get one.
    required: true
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Action `set_txt`

Set the TXT record of your Duck DNS subdomain.

| Data attribute         | Optional | Description                 |
| ---------------------- | -------- | --------------------------- |
| `config_entry_id`      | no       | The Duck DNS integration ID.|
| `txt`                  | yes      | Payload for the TXT record. |

{% details "Example YAML configuration" %}

{% raw %}

```yaml
action: duckdns.set_txt
data:
  config_entry_id: 01234567890ABCDEF # Replace with your actual config entry ID
  txt: LoqXcYV8...jxAjEuX0.9jg46WB3...fm21mqTI # Replace with a valid ACME DNS-01 challenge
```

{% endraw %}

{% enddetails %}

## Data updates  

This integration syncs your public IP with your Duck DNS subdomain every 5 minutes.

## Known limitations

- Duck DNS errors do not clearly indicate authentication failures. If you have recreated your token, make sure to update your Duck DNS configuration entry with the new token.

> - The integration updates your DuckDNS subdomain periodically rather than continuously monitoring your public IP. After a long outage, the update interval is increased to reduce unnecessary requests. Once your internet connection is restored, it may take up to 30 minutes for your subdomain to reflect your current IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration updates your Duck DNS subdomain periodically rather than continuously monitoring your public IP. After a long outage, the update interval is increased to reduce unnecessary requests. Once your internet connection is restored, it may take up to 30 minutes for your subdomain to reflect your current IP.
```
